**maid_api**: This is a Rust-based API project that offers a
straightforward
way to execute remote commands and retrieve logs from the MaidRunner log
system. It serves as a critical component for interfacing with the core
application.

**maid_build**: The MaidBuild system plays a pivotal role in the
MaidRunner
Monorepo. It's responsible for creating builds tailored for Linux,
including
executable binaries and Snap packages designed for Ubuntu. This system
streamlines the distribution and deployment of the software.

**maid_docs**: MaidDocs is the documentation folder, a valuable resource
containing images, banners, logos, sample source code, and partial test
files. It helps developers and users understand and work with the project
more effectively.

**maid_lists**: MaidLists is a cybersecurity repository that includes
a wide
range of lists, such as exploits, XSS lists, SQL injection data, malware
signatures, and simple wordlists. It's an essential resource for security
and threat intelligence.

**maid_runner**: The core of the entire project, MaidRunner, consolidates
all the modules for cybersecurity and system administration. It has
evolved
from its predecessors and offers the following modules:

- Attack: Includes modules for web, wireless, and radio attacks.

- Botnet: Deals with micro VM-based botnets, especially for web-related
tasks.

- Curl: Provides bindings and automation's for the Curl utility.

- Lookup: Offers file and web lookup functionalities.

- Maid_AV: Focuses on signature-based malware detection.

- Maid_CE: Manages bindings and automation for Docker and Podman.

- Rootkit: Deals with rootkit attacks and administration.

- Scanner: Provides a web scanner for general use.

- Osint: Provides search engine to local and remote databases

- Core/Mod.rs: Allows for the download of entire web servers (if linked)
and offers automation's for tools like Exif and common ports for Nmap.

- This core application serves as the foundation for the entire project,
offering a wide array of cybersecurity and system administration
capabilities.

**maid_ui**: MaidUI is the user interface (UI) repository, containing
HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, and more. It's closely related to the Tauri app,
MaidVisual,
and ensures that the user experience is top-notch.

**maid_visual**: MaidVisual is a native Linux application designed for log
and data analysis visualization. The src/ folder is a symbolic link to
maid_ui/src, which means it leverages the resources and assets from the
MaidUI repository. It provides a user-friendly interface for visualizing
log and data analysis, enhancing the project's usability.

**Monorepos**: The project follows a monorepo (monolithic repository)
structure, where multiple related projects or components are stored in
a single repository. This approach simplifies code sharing, dependency
management, and overall project organization, making it easier to maintain
and collaborate on different parts of the project.

**CI/CD** (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment): The project
employs
a robust CI/CD pipeline that automates the build, testing, and deployment
processes. This ensures that code changes are continuously integrated and
tested, and new releases can be deployed swiftly and reliably.

**Build System**: The build system is a crucial part of the project,
responsible for compiling code and packaging it for deployment. It
generates
Linux executables and Snap packages for Ubuntu, streamlining the
distribution
and installation of the software.

These enhancements aim to provide a more detailed and comprehensive
understanding of each component and the overall project structure while
highlighting the importance of monorepos, CI/CD, and the build system.
